EPISODE 2
Look at her go.
Why is he calling?
Why aren't you picking up?
Oh, my.
I think he saw everything.
What are you doing here?
Why didn't you pick up?
Because I was working.
You mean you were dancing.
I was working before that!
Why are you here?
You said you were going to a club.
I am at a club.
I heard a club opened on the 12th floor.
It's not so hot, though.
- Mr. Nam!
- I love you, Mr. Nam!
Cheers.
What's wrong with my age?
Love doesn't have an age limit
- It doesn't!
- No!
Same heart
Same feeling
You are the only one I love
It's making me cry
What's wrong with my age?
It's the perfect age to fall in love
This is my song.
Get out of my way.
I walked into the wind
To that coffee shop early in the morning
I barely managed to sneak out.
You're still working, right?
I'm almost done. Don't worry and go home.
Thanks.
Doing it like this saves so much time.
No wonder it took me so long.
I always did everything one by one
and made no progress.
Right? This is why
you should use your brain.
Is that so?
I think I just got hit by a rock.
I can't breathe.
That mouth of yours.
Stop following me.
Hey!
Wait until I catch you.
Hold on.
It hurts.
- Ms. Yoon.
- Oh, gosh.
- Ms. Yoon?
- Hey.
- Ms. Yoon!
- Ye-eun.
- You're still here!
- Yes.
Ms. Yoon.
- Why did you come back?
- I figured you'd still be here.
- I thought you'd still be working alone.
- Well, yes.
I'm almost done.
It's messy over there, so sit here.
I'll help you.
Let's chat as we wrap up.
No, there's no need for that.
We can wrap up tomorrow.
What's wrong?
He gave you a hard time, didn't he?
It was so annoying. He kept touching me.
I was so creeped out by him.
It's my fault
for leaving you behind by yourself.
It would've been worse if you were there.
Mr. Kong doesn't know when to stop
because you don't tell him off.
I'll cover for you next time.
Just forget about tonight.
You need to stop letting him off the hook.
He keeps making fun of you
about your recent breakup.
Why don't you say anything?
If I were you, I would've said something.
I mean, come on.
You're obviously heartbroken.
You liked him so much.
I did not.
Well...
I mean...
Liking someone a lot can be...
When a man and a woman
are in a relationship,
there are good times and...
- You know.
- That's true.
What I meant to say
is that you used to love him
- so much that--
- I think you're way too drunk.
- No, I'm not.
- Stand up.
- Do you think you can find your way home?
- Of course.
- Okay.
- But Ms. Yoon, I can help--
Will you be okay?
- I'll go home after--
- Here. Let's go.
Don't go anywhere. Face this way.
I'll go get my purse.
Don't you have to finish that by yourself?
- I can help you.
- No, that's okay. It's fine.
I'll just finish the rest tomorrow.
Ms. Yoon, I'll turn the lights off.
No, I'll... I'll turn them off. Wait.
- Gosh.
- The lights.
Do we have to turn the lights off?
Gosh, my back.
Done!
Come on.
Let's go.
- Be careful.
- I'm fine.
Get a hold of yourself.
- I'll call a taxi.
- No, I'll do it. Let me do it.
- I need one, too.
- I need to stop by somewhere.
I need to go to my friend's store.
Oh, that place.
The name of the owner was...
- Seo Gyeong-seon.
- Yes, that's right.
You must be really close with her.
You could say that.
I'm calling from DMC, Sangam-dong.
One taxi for Yeongdeungpo.
- And another one for...
- It's so cold.
I'll call you back later. Thank you.
- Is it coming?
- Yes, let's go.
- Ms. Yoon.
- Be careful.
- You need to sober up.
- I like you so much.
- You know that, right?
- I like you a lot as well.
Gosh, what am I supposed to do?
- Let's get you home.
- Wait. Ms. Yoon.
Yes? What is it?
I'm going to become just like you,
- a cool career-oriented woman.
- That's great. I hope you do.
- Let's go.
- But go home first.
Wait a minute. Wait.
Why do you keep trying to send me home?
I like being with you.
The driver's been waiting for you.
- You must not like me.
- Let's get going.
I like you a lot,
but you need to go home for now.
- Let's get you inside. Good.
- Wait.
You can--
Ms. Yoon, I love you.
I love you too. Get inside.
You can go now.
Bye, Ms. Yoon!
Jun-hui.
Hey, where are you?
Where did he go?
Jun-hui.
What took you so long?
I tried my best to hurry up.
Don't lie. I could've crawled over here
faster than you.
I got home safely.
Good night.
GOOD...
Are you coming home or leaving?
Can't you tell? I'm going to work.
I can't tell because you rarely come home.
Why can't you show some support
for your brother who works all night?
How am I supposed to know
if you worked or partied?
I did half of each.
My goodness.
You're never even home.
It's a waste of rent.
Why don't you live with me
so that you can save money?
Are you crazy?
Why would you say that?
Let's respect each other's privacy
even though we're siblings.
Do you have a girl?
A girl?
Which one are you talking about?
We'll crash.
Traffic accidents
aren't the only accidents.
Do you have any idea how startled I was
when you were playing Jin-a's boyfriend
over the phone?
I thought you were fighting
with some guy over a girl.
You can't imagine how nervous I was.
I would easily beat any guy.
Listen to me carefully.
If you ever bring home
a rude, inconsiderate bitch
as your future wife,
I'll kill both of you.
But what if she's really pretty?
If she's prettier than I am,
I'll think about it.
I think what you just said
made my hearing go bad.
Okay, I'm sorry.
My gosh.
Ms. Yoon, come here.
Do you call this a report
or a drawing?
I did try to make it good.
Do you not like it?
Ms. Geum, bring me a ruler.
Stay there.
Does this look aligned to you?
I put an indentation
because it is a new paragraph.
Are you a novelist?
Don't waste time on useless things.
Focus on the purpose of the report.
Stay there.
This is what you came up with
for the presentation?
That is the template
that was most frequently used
for the past three years.
Who told you to plagiarize?
You have to be creative.
You changed the numbers and figures
on what's already there.
What do you call that?
All you did was cut and paste.
It's actually "copy and paste," sir.
If you're so smart,
why is your report so flimsy?
Do it all over.
Make it more creative and innovative.
Stay there.
Ms. Kang, get over here.
About yesterday...
Even our youngest members
like Dong-u and Ye-eun
stayed until the end of our team dinner.
But you seniors sneaked out
when you should be setting an example.
Why do we have team dinners?
The aim is to increase employee devotion
and build teamwork.
You should know better.
I consider those who fail
to be team players very inconsiderate.
Where's your sense of camaraderie?
Think about it.
We don't tolerate sexual discrimination.
And it's not like
anybody forces you to drink.
We just get along as equal human beings.
What's wrong with you people?
Dismissed!
Take this with you!
Let's grab something to eat.
Let's go. Dong-u, hurry up.
Yes, sir.
If I can sit behind a desk all day
like those guys,
I will attend every team dinner.
There isn't enough manpower
to support new stores.
I work around the clock.
I don't have the energy
to sit through those dinners.
Tell me about it.
It's getting harder
to wake up in the morning.
I must be getting old.
What's wrong with you two?
We're still in the game.
It's easy for you to say that
because you are younger than me.
Enough with the age talk.
Do you want me to use honorifics to you?
Feel free to do that.
No matter how young or old you are,
you need your strength.
- Let's eat something healthy.
- Sounds good.
Pho.
What?
Pho isn't healthy.
It is if you enjoy it.
Let's go.
Thank you.
Enjoy.
Hey.
Set me up with her. I beg you.
Welcome.
Every night,
your buddy is suffering from loneliness...
- Hello.
- Hey, Jin-a.
I didn't expect to see you here.
Please take a seat.
Where do you live?
Me?
My parents live in the countryside.
I live in Mok-dong.
I live alone.
Awesome. No, that came out wrong.
I mean, you live in an awesome area.
- Where do you live?
- I live in Bundang.
I live in Bangbae-dong.
Please excuse me.
Enjoy your meal.
See you.
Can you pay for the food?
I helped you yesterday.
Be quiet.
Thanks.
How do you two know each other?
I transferred when I was in second grade.
That's over 20 years ago.
You're right.
His sister and I went to the same school
until college.
You're basically family.
Don't you know?
My sister owns one of your stores.
Really?
Which one?
Which store is it?
I thought you already left.
Why? Is something wrong?
You're in charge of Ms. Seo's store.
I'll take that store from now on.
I don't think that's a good idea.
My friend would be disappointed.
I won't disappoint her.
You took the Gasan store from me too.
That's because you had trouble
with the owner there.
This is a different case.
Is that a no?
No, it's not that.
I'm saying you could put me
in a difficult position.
Okay, fine.
I'll take care of it.
Why did he tell her
that his sister owns a store?
Aren't there better things to talk about?
Ms. Yoon, who are you talking to?
I was talking nonsense. Bye.
What did you get?
Go through that later
and get me some water.
I'm sweating.
Is it hot outside?
It's because I'm frustrated.
We will go bankrupt
for getting wedding gifts.
It's our little nephew's.
My brother and his wife seem to like
the new daughter-in-law.
She was bragging so much,
so I thought the daughter-in-law
had an amazing background.
The only thing to brag about
was that her father
was district representative.
- That is quite something.
- That is nothing to brag about.
This one must be from your friend.
The second daughter of my friend
who lives in Seocho-dong.
The new in-laws are a family
of a former bank president.
They must be influential
in the financial circle.
She brags about them all the time.
Whenever someone seems envious of Jin-a,
she talks about her future in-laws
and how powerful they are.
I mean, I can't blame her.
They did sound like a prestigious family.
Let's hope the same for Jin-a.
That's what I'm worried about.
If we leave it to Jin-a,
she'll take forever to get married.
You should sit Gyu-min down
and talk to him.
- I should?
- We have to marry Jin-a off.
When will we hold a wedding ceremony
of our own child?
Okay.
Can you please take it more seriously?
- Come on.
- I get it.
You'd better talk to him
or you're not getting any meals.
What is it?
Do you not like this place?
Shall we go somewhere else?
Have you been here before?
For a company dinner a long time ago.
It was pretty good.
We can go somewhere else.
It's fine.
Welcome back. This way please.
The waiter must have
an exceptional memory.
We can sit over there, right?
Yes, as you please.
Thank you.
Is there anything you want to drink?
What should we have?
Something you tried before.
- What?
- The one you recently had.
I haven't been here recently.
What is it?
I'm going to the restroom.
Okay.
I wouldn't even want to be with him
for a single second.
Why are you even listening to him?
Just splash a glass of wine on him
and get out of there.
You'll see how it goes? What do you mean?
Are you going to see Gyu-min again?
Then why...
Why bother wasting time?
You'd better not do anything stupid.
Okay.
Who was that?
Who do you think? It was Jin-a.
Apparently, Gyu-min showed up again.
Why?
Why do you think?
He wants to win her over somehow.
Doesn't Jin-a know what he's trying to do?
- Why does she keep meeting him?
- Exactly...
She's not meeting him on her own will.
He keeps showing up without notice.
That's because she's soft on him.
Hey, I'm sure she'll end it today.
I doubt she'll give him another...
Sure.
Why are you getting worked up over it?
I'm not.
I'm doing my best
to make things right between us.
But you're making it really difficult.
Is it difficult?
Of course. I don't know what to do.
Are you brazen or brainless?
What?
How could you bring me here?
Aren't you trying to work things out
between us?
The lipstick and stockings...
What?
Do you want to sue me?
- Let's add assault on top of that.
- Jin-a.
I came to end our relationship
on a good note.
But you're so cruel.
You're really the worst.
I'm not the only at fault.
Who is that guy you were with
the other day?
- My gosh.
- See?
You were seeing someone else, too.
Why are you making me the bad guy?
Can't we just call it even?
It wasn't you.
It was me. I'm the one to blame
for having dated you.
Hey, you can't just leave like that!
What's wrong?
Do you need money for the valet again?
No, you drank.
Should I pay for your chauffeur service?
You seem upset.
Hello.
Your outfit is amazing today.
Thank you.
Jun-hui, you seem to be
in a bad mood today.
Right? See?
I'm fine.
Did you say you live in Mok-dong?
Where exactly do you live?
Five minutes away from the station.
That's a good spot to live in.
Yes, you're right.
Hey.
- Hello.
The pizza place near the station...
Do you know that place?
Yes, that place was nice.
There's a franchise store nearby.
Oh, really? Where?
Would you mind taking us there?
Of course not.
Why don't we just eat lunch there today?
Do you have time?
Yes, of course.
If we don't, we'll make time.
Why are you so eager?
By the way,
- can I have your number?
- Oh, mine? Okay.
Do you want to come too?
To where?
I wasn't listening. I was busy texting.
I'll see you.
Bye.
I'll text you later.
So...
You can stay seated.
I came to tell you something
before the meeting.
Did you watch yesterday's news?
Of course, you didn't.
The market size of the coffee industry
reached 6.4 trillion won last year.
Then how much do you think we make?
I haven't heard anything
about opening a new store.
Sales Team. No news?
I'm sorry, sir. We'll work harder.
I'm not saying that you don't need
to focus on our existing stores.
There needs to be some progress.
Customers don't just show up
after we open a store.
- What do you want?
- We noticed that a store isn't open yet.
We can't get in touch with the owner.
Look at the time. Why is it still closed?
- Which store is it?
- The one in Gasan.
If it doesn't open in 30 minutes,
you'll all get fired.
Get moving!
- Something urgent came up
- Hello, I was about to give you a call.
- at one of our stores.
- I'm sorry.
- Hello?
- Yes, that's right.
Yes, Mr. Kong.
- I'm on my way, sir.
- I'll call you. I'm sorry.
- Bye.
- It says...
- it'll take about 17 minutes.
- Hello.
- Yes.
- This is Geum Bo-ra.
- Yes, sir.
- I know we were planning
- to have a meeting this morning.
- Yes, okay.
- I'm afraid we'll have to cancel.
- Yes, sir.
Yes, Mr. Kong.
- The head office is trying
- to handle an urgent situation.
- We'll be there in 17 minutes.
- Then can I call you when I'm done?
- Hi, Jun-hui. It's me, Se-yeong.
- It's not that far from that place.
- Yes. I'm really sorry.
Something urgent came up.
I'm heading over to one of our stores.
I'm sorry. I'm the one
who suggested eating together.
You're making me feel even sorrier.
I'll treat you to a nice meal
in a few days. Okay.
Okay, let me know.
I see. No, it's okay.
We can eat together next time.
Okay, bye.
Next time? Call her again
- and tell her that we have time tonight.
- Seriously...
- She's busy. Why are you being so clingy?
- Clingy?
I'm not being clingy.
I'm just being proactive.
This is why you don't have a girlfriend.
You have a long way to go.
Let's see who you end up dating.
I think he's doing this
because I sent a report about what he did.
We have most of the ingredients.
I'll ask the general manager
for what we need.
Let's get in position first.
I'll handle the cash register.
Bo-ra, you're the best at making drinks.
You are an SCA certificate holder.
No one's better than you at this.
Are you complimenting me or forcing me?
Mr. Kim and Ye-eun.
You guys can divide work together.
Take care of this area.
One of you should cover the storage room.
- Yes, ma'am.
- Follow me.
- Okay.
- Hello.
She was supposed to use
her own money for this.
Why is it coming out of our pocket?
Mr. Jo also told Jin-a
to take care of the mess she made.
It wasn't her fault,
so I think it's unfair for her to pay.
We already settled this case.
What do you mean you think it's unfair?
Who's going to take responsibility
for this?
Someone needs to take care of this.
Why are you looking at me like that?
There are a lot of things
I've been lenient about
these days.
I'll rewrite the report, sir.
She's very subtly arrogant.
I'd better...
teach her a lesson soon.
Where's Mr. Nam?
He's inside, sir.
Were you looking for me, sir?
Let's eat lunch together
if you don't have any plans.
Sure. Let me go put on my shoes, sir.
You should come too, Ms. Jeong.
- I have some questions to ask.
- Yes, sir.
How are things going
at the store in Gasan?
Oh, well...
I received a report saying
that everything's going really well.
Of course. They're all professionals.
Jin-a was always at the top of her game.
What's up with her lately?
I know.
You never really know a person
until they show their true colors.
Who's the one who forgot to approve
the gifts for the opening event?
I should have double checked.
I'm sorry, sir.
Since when did you forget anything?
I'll look into how it all happened
and report to you, sir.
Investigate thoroughly.
Ms. Jeong, give me a minute.
Come here.
Well...
About what Mr. Jo asked you
to investigate...
What are you going to do?
As you instructed,
I'll make Jin-a pay for all the products
and tell him the truth about the approval.
The truth?
The members of our team keep a photocopy
of each approval form
to spot mistakes easily.
And I noticed that everything was fine
until I approved it.
I gave it some thought, you know.
An assistant manager
can't afford to pay for all of that.
A team dinner...
I'll just think of it
as paying for a team dinner.
That won't be too bad, right?
The total cost of 100 lipsticks
is 2.1 million won,
and that of 100 mobile coupons
is 320,000 won.
That adds up to a total
of 2.42 million won, sir.
Okay.
I know how to add.
I just wanted to check.
Who's going to report it to Mr. Jo--
I'll do it.
Good work, everyone.
I noticed
that we have quite good teamwork.
I worked so hard
that I even broke my nails.
You just pressed some buttons.
My shoulders are killing me.
What's happening tomorrow?
I'll try talking to the owner.
Some of us might have to work here again.
I don't care about what happens.
I'm not coming tomorrow.
- See you guys.
- Bye.
- Thanks. Good work.
It's our job after all.
You'd better make it up to me personally.
- Bye.
You two should go home too.
I need to take the car back to the office.
I need to go visit the owner.
I'll return it after I use it.
- Great work, you guys.
- Should I come with you?
I already feel bad
for making you work here today.
Go home and get some rest.
- See you tomorrow.
- Bye.
Good work.
Gosh, my legs.
Sir, avoiding me won't solve anything.
Please call me.
That asshole said
you were like this, right?
"That asshole"?
Should I address him with respect
since you're dating him again?
What do you mean?
Did Gyeong-seon tell you that?
Did she say I'm seeing him again?
No, I just figured it'd be hard
for you to end it with him
since you two used to be madly in love.
"Madly in love"?
What's your problem?
Why would you jump to conclusions?
I heard about everything, okay?
You two must have been quite the couple.
Even your junior pities you.
Haven't you ever been like that
when you are in a relationship?
You need to be passionate.
If you were never passionate,
you're the weird one.
That only means that you have no respect
for the other person.
It's only natural
to be crazy about each other
when you're both in love, okay?
Really? You must be an expert in love.
I'll keep that in mind and make use of it.
Why do you keep being sarcastic?
Who? Me?
Even just now, you sounded sarcastic.
You're wrong.
You did it again.
I apologize if I upset you.
I'm sorry.
It's raining.
It is.
It didn't say it was going to rain.
Do you have an umbrella?
No.
I'll just go home in the rain.
Why would you do that?
You made me so angry
that I need to cool off.
I already apologized. Cut me some slack.
Fine.
I'm the one who should be sorry.
You couldn't eat that delicious pizza
with Se-yeong because of me.
It was out of my control,
so I hope you can forgive me.
There's nothing to forgive.
Let's just go together.
You'll come anyway, right?
Why should I? I don't want to go
to a place where I'll feel unwelcome.
Why would you feel that way?
You don't get it, do you?
Didn't you ask me
if I wanted to join you guys?
You didn't say, "Let's go together."
Did I ask you like that?
I guess I didn't word it properly
because I was out of it.
Right, I'm sure you were
totally out of it.
Hey.
Are looks all that matter to guys?
I guess.
Men are disgusting.
You're prettier.
This rain won't stop soon.
Let's call a taxi.
Then what about after you get off?
Wait here. I'll go buy an umbrella.
Hey, let's just go...
- How much is this?
- It's 8,000 won.
What?
Just come here.
I thought you didn't want me to get wet.
I got wet too.
Gosh. By the way,
why did you just get one umbrella?
And why red?
Don't you know? Buying an umbrella
or a lighter is such a waste of money.
I guess you'll become rich fast.
But we'll both get soaking wet
if we share this umbrella like this.
There's a solution for that.
What?
We can do this.
Shall we take that taxi?
Well...
I think it'd be nice
to sober up a little first.
Then...
we should walk a bit more
before we get a taxi.
Yes, I think so too.
I didn't know you were this tiny.
What?
I didn't know
because you threw such a strong punch,
- but you're so tiny.
- Hey, I'm not tiny.
My height is average.
Gosh, don't underestimate me.
I know women well...
Is that so?
I was just kidding.
Sure, whatever.
Shall we watch a movie this weekend?
I haven't been to the movies in ages.
Isn't that what moms say?
You little...
Hey.
It's getting late.
You should get going.
I'll go after I see you go in.
You're using all your manners today.
There's one more thing.
What?
It's a gift for you.
But you bought it.
That's why I'm calling it a gift. Here.
Thank you.
Go in.
All right.
Bye.
- Get home safely.
- Sweet dreams.
You, too.
I'll give you three days.
We'll have to close the store
if we don't hear from you.
Hey.
Are you at work now?
No, not yet.
I had to stop by somewhere on the way.
- What's up?
- Well...
I'm craving a cup of coffee
brewed by an expert barista.
Sir, you have to make
an appointment first.
You're being so difficult.
My time is expensive. Didn't you know?
I guess you haven't sobered up.
You wait right there.
LAW FIRM
Yes, sir.
Yes, Father. Go ahead.
No, it's okay.
I'm just wondering
if you have some time today.
Yes.
Tell him to come no matter what.
My gosh, you must be busy
if you have taken on a big case.
Of course, I understand.
Yes.
Really?
All right, then.
Okay.
What did he say?
I think he's extra busy these days.
- Can he come or not?
- What?
- He said he'd come.
- You're making me frustrated.
Hang on, Seung-ho is coming too.
Is there enough meat for everyone?
Shouldn't we tell Jin-a
that Gyu-min is coming?
I'm sure they'll talk.
I think you got a message.
Se-yeong, shall we have that pizza today?
Should I make a reservation
at the pizzeria for this evening?
- Thank you.
Do you have plans for this evening?
It's Jun-hui.
He wants to have that pizza today.
Had I known about it,
I would have skipped lunch.
I think I've gained
a bit of weight recently...
I look like I've gained some weight,
don't I?
I'm not sure.
I've never really paid much attention.
I'm off.
What are you doing this evening, Ye-eun?
I have to redo the menu analysis
because it got rejected.
You have to eat dinner though.
Let's go. I'll treat you.
Really? Okay.
Where should we go?
A place that sells food and drinks.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
I should get going, then.
Aren't you coming with us?
- I have plans.
- He's going clubbing.
You are?
I like clubbing too.
Oh, really?
We should all go together next time.
I have something else today.
All right, then.
Take us to a hip club next time.
You can make other plans again next time.
I'll keep that in mind.
Make sure she has a good time.
I should do the same for him.
- Shall we go?
- Let's go.
I'll see you again soon.
Seung-ho, are you there already?
Is something wrong, Ms. Yoon?
No.
I just wanted to drink out of the blue.
Do you still think about your ex a lot?
You'll say that I'm lying
if I tell you that I don't.
You have to meet someone new
to get over your ex-boyfriend.
You should start seeing someone new.
I'm good.
Why? It's better to move on
to a new relationship as fast as possible.
That way, you'll less likely
to repeat the same mistakes,
which means you'll have fewer regrets.
You sound like a pro.
I may not have a lot of experience,
but I know a lot about dating.
I'm so proud of you.
By the way,
how much meaning should I put into
what a guy says or does to me?
Pretty much none.
None?
"Hey, we can say anything and do
whatever it takes to seduce a girl."
I'm an Engineering major.
That's what I heard most often
from guys during college.
But if a guy hits on a girl,
doesn't it mean
that he's attracted to her?
Well, I guess.
But like my mom said,
guys don't say no to girls.
I bet they flirt with every girl,
so they have options to choose from.
Gosh.
JERK GYU-MIN
- I'll be right back. I have to take this.
- Sure.
Hey, why the hell do you keep calling me?
It's me, your dad.
Dad?
Why do you have Gyu-min's phone...
Dad, are you with him now?
I can't believe you bought
and brought these
all the way from the States for me.
Do you have trust issues or what?
You've never gotten me any gifts before.
Hey, are you sure you're smart enough
to get a PhD?
This is my first time
coming back from the States.
Oh, you're right.
Gosh, your turn.
Did you know that your sister and I
work in the same building?
Really?
You don't care about her?
Do you care about everything
your sister is up to?
Why would I?
Then what?
I was actually going to
invite you over to my place,
but couldn't because of Jin-a's boyfriend.
- Boyfriend?
- I guess you didn't know.
There's a guy whom my mom adores so much.
His educational background is impressive,
and his family is very rich.
Are you saying he's coming over?
Yes, he comes over often.
I'm glad that I don't have to see him
often because I'm mostly at school.
When those two are together...
They make me want to barf.
It's such an eyesore.
What the hell?
I'm sorry.
Hey.
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
What's with you?
Gosh, what's your problem?
Jin-a.
Why are you standing there like that?
Hey, Gyu-min got matching scarves
for me and your dad.
They look so nice.
- Come and have a look.
- I need to get changed.
Hey.
Gyu-min, eat up. I made a lot of food.
- I never asked you to do this!
- Shush. Keep your voice down!
He told me everything.
He said you guys had a fight.
That's what he told you?
All couples have arguments and fights.
He came all the way here to make up
with you. Why did you glare at him?
Why do you keep getting crankier
as you get older?
- Did you drink?
- How could I not drink?
I can't cope with this when I'm sober.
I'm old enough.
Why do you and Dad have to meddle--
That's exactly why.
Aren't you old enough to know
how to handle your man?
You made us get involved.
Aren't you embarrassed to see Gyu-min?
Do better, okay?
I've told you this numerous times.
You won't be able to
date someone like him ever.
He's a lawyer at a renowned law firm,
not to mention his family.
Both of his parents
are alumni of Seoul National University.
I don't have to go on, do I?
Choosing a good husband is important,
and it's equally important
to have nice parents-in-law.
Gyu-min is perfect in every aspect,
and you should consider yourself
extremely lucky.
You really should be grateful.
You're so clueless.
You'd better not grimace in front of him.
- Goodbye.
- Thank you.
Come to my home.
- No, it's okay.
- Why not? Because of Jin-a's boyfriend?
Who cares?
We'll hang out in my room anyway.
I said, it's okay.
But I do have to see your parents,
so let's pick another day.
I was going to ask you
to install these games on my computer.
I knew that was your plan, you idiot.
Bye.
Seung-ho!
What's taking her so long?
Oh, my.
Mom and Dad,
there's no need to be surprised.
I just thought that this might be
what Gyu-min wants.
He told me that I'm like konjac.
In other words, he thinks I'm too boring.
Darling, why are you sitting like that?
Look at me.
How do I look? Do you like this?
Well?
I guess even this isn't enough.
Well, should I have worn a shorter dress?
Should I have put on a redder lipstick?
Right, fishnet stockings!
- I don't own one, so I should rip this--
- Hey!
Right, I forgot
that my parents are here too.
That would be a little inappropriate,
right?
Yes, just come and sit with us.
Sit down, okay?
I'm craving wine though.
Aren't you seeing anyone?
No.
Really? That's so unlike you.
Anyone you're interested in?
You do have one.
Come on, tell me about her.
What do you want to know?
I guess things aren't going too well.
Aren't I right?
Are you a psychic or what?
What's the problem? Who is she?
How old is she?
Is she 23 or 24?
She's 35.
You nutjob. Have you lost your mind?
You've gone nuts
since you got back from the States.
Did you say she's 35?
That means she's our sisters' age.
How can you even be attracted to her?
It's like you dating my sister.
Gosh, I'm getting so creeped out.
Hey, end it before things get serious.
Don't end up in a total mess, okay?
Mom.
Did Dad ever cheat on you
when the two of you were dating?
Gosh, come on.
What kind of person do you think I am?
I have been and will always be devoted
to only one woman, Kim Mi-yeon.
Devoted, my foot.
I even caught him red-handed.
Seriously?
Goodness, that was ages ago.
So what did you do, Mom?
Did you let it slide?
Of course not.
I gave him a good smack in the head.
- Like this?
- That hurts.
Hey!
You should know when to draw the line.
What was that about?
Honey, be quiet.
Gyu-min.
Yes, Mother.
You're seeing another woman, aren't you?
I'm speechless.
I didn't think you'd ever do such a thing.
I feel so betrayed.
- How dare you...
- Honey!
Gosh, Dad...
- Please let go of me.
- Dad.
He's probably still there.
Gosh, those two must be
all over each other.
Aren't your parents home?
My parents encourage them.
You're both adults.
Couldn't you have just talked to him?
Gosh. Dear me.
What is this mess? Gosh, seriously.
- Why the hell are you pouting?
- Gosh.
- Enough!
- You'll get hurt, Dad.
I... I admit that I made a mistake.
But Jin-a did it too. She cheated on me.
She has another guy.
Gyu-min!
What? I'm not making anything up.
Is this why you're here?
Are you here to cause a scene?
Do you think it was easy
for me to come here?
Then why did you come to begin with?
Your parents invited me.
How could I say no?
You should have said no.
Had you had any respect
for me and my parents,
you should've politely said no.
Had I had more drinks, I wouldn't have
ended with just one smack--
- Gosh, Jin-a. What is going on--
- Fine, go ahead and hit me.
Punch me all you want if that will
make you feel better. Go ahead.
You sound so desperate.
I'm trying to patch things up here.
- Let's start over and--
- Don't even think of it!
That will never happen.
Then do you really want
to break up with me?
I thought we were through.
Jin-a, what is happening?
I'll explain everything later.
Hey, why later? Tell them now.
Shall we talk in front of them?
Who's the prick
that picked you up from work?
Who is he?
You acted all faithful and made me
look like a douchebag who cheated on you.
What about you?
Does accusing me like that
make you feel better?
Then why can't you tell me
who that guy is?
You wouldn't hide it
if you did nothing wrong.
I feel like I'm going crazy
because you're not telling me!
I like him.
Fine.
Do you have a problem with that?
My gosh, I don't even know what to do now.
I'm home.
Seung-ho is home. What should we do?
My gosh, Jun-hui.
- Oh, gosh.
- What's wrong?
What happened?
Well, I'll explain--
It's that guy.
What are you talking about? Which guy?
Who? You mean Jun-hui?
You need to explain this.
Let go of her hand.
Hey.
Follow me.
- Break it up!
- Hey!
- What's the matter with you?
- My goodness.
- Hey, let go!
- Jun-hui!
- Hey!
- What should we do?
Hey!
Jin-a likes him. She said it herself.
- I heard you came by.
- Hey.
I'm asking you if you came by to see me.
You're so cute.
Have you forgotten how old I am?
- Doesn't that depend on the person?
- You little...
Even relationships are all about timing.
What if we keep missing the right time?
I'd better make it move faster.
I need to be bolder.
Jin-a, I was just wondering...
If...
"If"?
- If I ask you...
- Ask me what?
If I ask you...
to treat me to a meal tomorrow, would you?
Subtitle translation by Lee Ja-won